What if it was related?
Then me and Meng Man, we are two of us
No one can control
i
Said
If one day Han Menglan sells you
You may also have to collect money for people. You are presumptuous
Your fat grandfather
Why are you so lazy?
My dad, you
My family business
You're about to lose it all
Say what this is
How could I possibly lose our industry?
A youth association
You spent a billion.
Didn't pick anything back
Grandpa, he recently said that he is old and confused
Say you can't let me marry Lu Ran
You should marry Sun Xiaoshen
This is what you said.
What are you afraid of? Then I am also for the sake of being good.
He is a passerby
None of us know his situation
Here he is.
A waste boy from a down-and-out family of the Lu family
But even though they are of a marriage age
Okay?
Then we can't let him marry a trash